my name is Catherine Robinson I'm from
Phoenix Arizona in the United States and
I've been at ASA for three years I've
always wanted to be a teacher my mom was
a teacher so I grew up in the classroom
since I was could walk and I just always
had a love for learning and wanted to
continue I believe the best thing about
working here is the freedom to really
teach creatively and teach with
enthusiasm and to be able to teach to
different learning styles teachers get a
lot of support in planning their lessons
we have weekly meetings where we come
together as a team and also with an
administrator that's in running that
program and we collaborate and plan
together what we're going to do for
those units of study so you're never by
yourself doing everything you're always
working together as a team the
administration is very supportive they
offer different suggestions of how you
can incorporate different things you've
learned in professional development into
your own classroom but they're very
supportive of different ideas they want
teachers to talk to each other and learn
from each other and they provide
opportunities to do so the American
International School has offered me the
most opportunities for professional
development development of any schools
that I've worked at we've had at least
one a year if not probably three or four
more likely every year anywhere from
writing to classroom management to math
programs and just overall teacher
education so I feel that I've gotten a
lot of professional development while
I've been here I love traveling and this
was a great location
I lived in China three years before here
and this was a great location to branch
off of to see different places around
the world experience a new culture that
I didn't know much about before I got
here and it's a very welcoming and
inviting culture which is why I've
stayed so long